Peter Drake has agreed
to come in for questioning.
What about David White?
David White's whereabouts
is currently unknown.
We need to talk
about control.
I'd like to play
the shopping game.
Also missing
is Mary Burkeman.
And what of Victoria?
She's gone.
Victoria was repeatedly abused
throughout her childhood
by her father and by others.
quite possibly Carl Lowry.
This is the natural
order of things.
You know this.
And Vincent Dwyer.
So. she remains our prime
suspect in their murders.
Victoria was here
in my office. Jeanette.
More people are dead.
And I've just had a sighting
of my prime suspect.
We will talk
when I get home.
Do you understand that?
♪ pleasant music
Thanks. Lovely.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪ pensive music
Hello.
Budge up. then.
So. who do you
know here?
That's my father
over there.
talking to your father.
Er. and that's
my sister. Eleanor.
She's about your age.
♪ suspenseful music
Do you want your tea?
My father said
you're very clever.
That you're very bright
for your age.
Are you all right?
It can be fun. you know?
I'll make it fun.
I just wanted to say hi.
My name's Carl Lowry.
It was lovely
to meet you. Victoria.
♪ uneasy music
And?
She's stubborn.
But you were
a gentleman?
Of course.
Then you've
done all you can.
You're learning
an important lesson.
But I cannot control her.
You have a path
ahead of you to forge.
and you shoulder the burden
of winning her around.
You cannot
control the mind
without first
the control of the body.
But control her
you shall.
And what if I don't?
She's yours
for the taking.
♪ uneasy music
♪ Rock-a-bye. baby
on the tree top ♪
♪ When the wind blows
the cradle will rock ♪
♪ When the bough breaks
the cradle will fall ♪
♪ And down will come baby
cradle and all ♪
♪ Hush. little baby
♪ Don't you weep
"I. Peter Drake.
would like it known
that I have come in today
of my own free will
and am fully cooperating
with this investigation.
As a valued and active member
of the community.
I reject the implication
that I am in any way involved
in the murders in question.
I have worked at Beecham College
for many years.
beginning as
a geography teacher.
finally becoming
headmaster.
During my tenure.
I have been solely responsible
for private fundraisers.
expanding
the outreach programs.
as well as founding
the school's charitable bursary.
which continues
to run to this day.
I unreservedly deny
any involvement
in organised fighting.
legal or otherwise.
and any exploitation
of children in any form.
The recent events
are a tragedy
and a stain on history."
I've also brought along
multiple character
witness statements.
Okay.
But we're not interested
in any of that.
Couldn't give a fuck.
I appreciate you don't want
to talk to us. Mr Drake.
but I'm gonna put my cards
on the table here
and I'm gonna say...
I think you're involved.
I really do.
But more importantly
than that.
and following the deaths of
Carl Lowry and Ben Burkeman.
if you are involved.
we believe you are
in imminent danger.
And the only way we can
help you is if you talk to us.
Are you arresting
my client?
No. we're not.
Thank you.
But someone is out there
killing young men.
- We're done here.
- And one of your former pupils
is placing their bodies
and taking out people
closely connected to you.
Another one of your pupils
and her family
are either missing
or dead.
More people
are going to die.
And it'll be
on your conscience
if it's not you next.
DCI Kilburn!
Let me be clear with you. Peter.
I think you're gonna die.
I don't have
the proof.
but I think that's
what's gonna happen.
You need
protective custody.
or at least allow us to place
an officer outside your home.
Well. then
I'll shake your hand.
because if you leave this room
without our help.
you and I aren't going to see
each other again. Mr Drake.
This isn't questioning.
This is intimidation.
Mr Drake.
Mm?
♪ suspenseful music
Fuck!
At first. I'll be
frightened of you. Madeleine.
because you're so small.
So scared yourself.
But when we both figure out
that it's okay to just be.
that's the moment
I'll stop being scared of you.
I'll learn to do
your nappy.
To cut your
tiny little nails.
Brush your hair.
All without hurting you.
Then when you grow up...
we'll make up
dances together.
You'll bring your friends
home for sleepovers.
I'll let you watch an 18.
We'll bicker.
We'll make up.
You'll do so well
in your GCSEs
at a new school.
A better school.
You'll grow.
You'll still call me.
We'll watch Gladiator.
You're mine.
And more importantly.
I'm yours.
And you're safe.
You're safe with me.
♪ tense music
No. Victoria.
No. Victoria. please.
Victoria!
- This is Daniel Rexha.
- Yeah.
Faisal Quereshi.
Samuel Osman.
I see Carl Lowry. Dwyer's--
So you got
nothing out of Drake.
and now we've got minutes
to get our ducks in a row
ahead of
the press conference.
I don't know
if you've heard.
someone just called in a body
in a crypt in a local church.
Which is. obviously.
the last thing that we need.
The press are
in a frenzy as it is.
- The body was decades old.
- Ma'am. I see--
Don't worry about it.
I've got uniform
handling it.
So. as it stands.
we have 16 dead bodies.
More bodies than the city sees
in an entire year.
It's national news.
We've got a farm
crawling with human remains.
Every trough.
every slop bucket.
Dwyer was disposing of these
poor young men to pigs.
which. if that wasn't
upsetting enough.
means a recall
of all food products
originating from the farm.
And we're down an officer.
Thank you. Jeanette.
Your little
cabinet reshuffle
could have waited
a month or two. Thank you.
If I see another reel.
another TikTok. we ju...
We need nice.
neutral BBC.
Okay.
Okay. where are we?
Victoria Burkeman.
And we have IDs now
for those bodies.
which is something.
No. Well. we can't
name them publicly.
We haven't even spoken
to the families.
Have you traced them?
Not yet.
but I...I'm trying.
We're under no legal obligation
to let them know.
That's a... It's a job
for the Home Office.
That's true.
but it's the right thing to do.
I need to go out there and
give the press something.
Well. you need to give them
something else.
- Fine.
- Thank you.
I'm going to keep ID'ing
the boys in the freezer.
No.
With the greatest respect.
that's no longer
your job.
You've created a system
that works. now delegate.
You're needed elsewhere.
- Ma'am. I've been work--
- Good. We maintain unity
and. above all. confidence.
Tell me exactly what it is
you want me to say.
I don't want you
to say anything.
You've done
quite enough.
♪ pensive music
Our team is at
your office dusting for prints.
When we finish.
could you come with me
so I can
get fingerprints?
So we can eliminate them?
I can do that
with Sophia. Mike.
- Mm.
- Nice to see you.
You okay?
Hi.
Are you ready?
Mm-hmm.
Those present are
DC Mike Dilliston and myself.
DCI Jeanette Kilburn.
interviewing
Dr Sophia Craven.
Can you talk us through
what happened last night
in your own words?
Yes. So. I was. erm...
just finishing up
in my office and...
and then she sort of...
she appeared
out of nowhere.
Can you clarify?
By "she"...
Oh. yes. Sorry.
Victoria. er. Burkeman.
She attacked you?
She did
lunge at me. and. erm...
we struggled. we fell
to the ground. and I...
I managed to back away
from her. but...
she kept
crawling towards me.
Was there
any witnesses?
Or CCTV?
There's nothing.
She quoted the Bible.
Which passage?
Erm. it was. er...
"Many... I am...
My name is Legion
for we are many."
That's right.
Mm.
Mark chapter five.
verse nine.
It's a story about a man
who was possessed by demons.
Jesus casts them out of him
and into pigs.
And then?
The pigs all drowned.
Jesus'. erm.
triumph over evil.
Oh. Do you have any clue
what she could be referring to?
No. Nothing.
Mm-hmm. Did she
say anything else at all?
Yes. yes.
She...
Well. she kept saying.
"She's gone. She's gone."
And she said.
"It's not just us. you know?"
Then?
And then
she vanished. Er...
We have reason
to believe that Victoria
might be keeping
Mary Burkeman somewhere.
Do you think
she's capable
of murdering her
own mother. Sophia?
I think if she were
going to kill her
she would have
done it already.
What was it like?
Their relationship?
Between Victoria
and her mother?
Oh.
Her mother was blind.
Vacuous.
self-centred. cruel.
Mm.
She wants you
to look for something.
The atmosphere in Bristol
is heavy today
as grisly discoveries...
Several bodies
have been recovered
from a working farm.
And with the police yet to make
any arrests. it would appear...
I feel scared to go out.
to be honest with you. yeah.
The death toll has continued
to rise considerably...
For we are many.
Most recently. the area
surrounding St Jordan's church
has been cordoned off
as a crime scene
following the discovery there
of a body earlier this morning.
Police believe
the victim may have been
hidden there for decades.
Superintendent Verity Pound
dismissed concerns
that it may be connected
to the recent spate
of murders in the city.
We have
no reason to believe
the two are connected.
We have yet
to identify the victim
and would urge the general
public to come forward
if they have
any information.
Superintendent Verity Pound speaking there
on behalf of the Bristol
Metropolitan Police
about the corpse that was
found earlier this afternoon.
This is the news
that a body has
been recovered
at St Jordan's church...
Police believe
the victim may have been
concealed after death.
and...
♪ suspenseful music
♪ uneasy music
Victoria!
♪ sombre music
You in
a bad mood today?
No. not really. Mike.
Yesterday was
a complete shitshow.
so. yeah. yeah.
you're right.
I lost my cool
a little bit.
But we're here now. so
let's just forget about it.
- Hmm.
- Hey.
- All right?
- You all right. mate?
We're still working
our way through
the bodies
from the freezers.
but tox has come back
on the first three
and lidocaine is confirmed
in all of them.
Okay. cheers. pal.
Now. our man Dwyer.
he's a different matter.
His tox has come back negative
for any painkillers.
erm. recreational drugs.
alcohol. et cetera. et cetera.
He's totally clean.
No lidocaine in him. crucially.
So he would have
felt everything.
Everything.
You ready
to take a look?
Yeah. show me the way.
- Er. Mike?
- Yeah?
Have you done
one of these before?
Er...
not a PM.
I'll just hang back.
- If it's okay.
- Mike. it's fine. it's fine.
Straight ahead.
Dwyer's in
the bottom right drawer.
So. you're saying
someone wanted him to suffer?
Yeah. he'd have felt
absolutely everything.
- You all right?
- Mm.
♪ suspenseful music
Okay. so.
as you can see.
he's received a blow
to the back of the head.
- Eva?
- Yeah?
Are these items from
Madeleine Burkeman?
Er. no.
They're from the body we called
in from St Jordan's Church.
Could you run us
through the PM?
- What is it. Mike?
- Come and have a look at this.
What is it?
What's this. Eva?
Er. this was all on the body
they brought in from the crypt.
Okay. Mike. can you...
What am I
looking at. Mike?
Look at the logo
on the receipt.
Logo on the receipt.
"Beecham College."
Oh. well bloody done. Mike.
We're gonna need
to see this body.
Yeah. there's a...
there's a high chance
it's one of ours.
Oh. well done. Mike.
Well done. Well done!
This is like
that nightmare
when you've got a test
that you haven't revised for.
And I haven't written up
anything formally. yet.
It's fine.
Okay.
So. er. we have
a young female here.
I'd age her...
somewhere between
14 and 18
going from
the pelvic fusion.
Due to the conditions
in which she was entombed.
a lot of the tissue
has decomposed.
But the head. neck.
torso. the right arm...
that's pretty
well preserved.
Cause of death?
Believe it or not. drowning.
So she was placed?
Yeah.
There's marks. too.
Where she's
been dragged.
No external signs of injury
or blunt force trauma.
We've sent
her liver off to tox.
And the dirt
that we found
under her fingernails.
that's silt.
Plus there's plant matter
in her hair. in her throat.
Diatoms in her lungs.
which. okay.
that could be for
a myriad of reasons.
But marry that
with the above.
and I'd wager she
drowned in fresh water.
How long was she
in the crypt?
Now that's
the interesting part.
Excuse me.
See these?
They're fillings.
But they're
dental amalgam.
Christ. I've got
one of them.
Yeah. well. you could be
entitled to compensation.
It's a joke.
It's just they're not
particularly used anymore.
I mean.
they're vintage.
And if we take
the attrition into account.
then...[sighs] I'd say...
late '90s.
early noughties.
That body's directly
connected to this case.
We'll have to get
Peter Drake back in.
Maybe the fucker'll talk.
now that another
body's turned up.
We need to get his prints
to add to the database.
Uh-huh. prints.
Er. you got Sophia's. right?
Jeanette.
- Sorry. I forgot.
- I'll call her.
- Don't worry about it. I will--
- No. I'll message her.
- You might forget again.
- I'm not--
Come in.
Hang on a minute.
I...I won't stop. I just
thought you should know
that the body that was found
at St Jordan's Church.
it's one of ours.
Jeanette. are you mad?
Look. she went
to Beecham College.
probably the same time
as Victoria.
I mean. she's...
she's one of ours. Verity.
I promise you.
You want me to solve this?
Let me go and solve it. please.
- And what if she isn't?
- Then I'll give her back.
Go away.
Sorry. go on.
Mr Drake in today?
What do you need?
I wanna speak
with him.
No. he. erm...
It's Sunday.
He goes home after service
on a Sunday.
Can you tell him
that I called for him?
It's urgent.
- Of course.
- Hmm. Thank you.
Would you keep a record if any
of your students went missing?
Missing?
Oh. er. I mean. I've been here
near on ten years
and no one's gone missing
to my knowledge.
No missing girls?
Around. erm. the late '90s.
early noughties?
Gosh. no!
Do you keep any records
of former students?
We... Yes.
But it all depends on
what you're looking for.
I'm... I'd love a list of
all your female students
from mid-'90s to 2005?
Absolutely. Yes.
I...I can email it to you?
Yep. That's great.
Cheers.
Thank you.
Are the bursary recipients
on that list?
Erm. er. er. they...
No. We only take two a year.
They wouldn't be.
- Why not?
- I suppose I don't know. really.
It's... Well. it's just the way
we've always done it.
I see.
Do you have
that bursary list anywhere?
Would you like me
to send that over?
Same time frame?
I would.
Thank you.
♪ suspenseful music
So. I've been
having black-outs.
Mem... memory loss
of sorts. It's...
There's periods of time
I just can't account for.
That's very
concerning to hear.
This morning.
I woke up in a car.
A car?
Yes. I was...
I was sat in the driver's seat
and I was outside a church.
Sorry. This is real?
This isn't a dream?
It's very real. unfortunately.
Was it your car?
I don't have a car.
I don't even drive.
I've absolutely no idea
how I got there.
I can see from
your notes in front of me
that. a few months ago.
you attempted suicide again.
Mm-hmm.
What else do
my notes say?
Would you like
to read them?
We could read them together
if you want.
You're more than welcome.
They're about you. after all.
Victoria came back.
Your missing client?
Who everyone
is looking for?
Yes.
So. why don't you
tell me about
the physical symptoms
you're experiencing?
They're just as important.
Memory loss.
I have gaps
of time I...
I can't remember.
I'll wake up in places.
I get headaches.
Yes. This was. erm...
this was two days ago.
It was evening.
I was in my office.
Why were you
in your office?
You're signed off
for a reason.
As if the suicide of a patient
wasn't enough. Sophia.
I'm surprised.
And concerned.
I know. I...
I do know.
But I have to keep working
for my own sanity. I...
Please. It grounds me.
being with other people.
Sometimes...
Sometimes I don't feel like
a person at all.
Like. I don't feel...
human.
I believe you.
I can't even
begin to consider
overturning the sign-off.
And I'd like you
to get an MRI. please.
I don't like the sound
of any of this.
Okay.
Yes.
- Hello?
- I got lists.
Great. Can you call me back
when you've finished eating?
I'll be quick.
Okay. I've got a list...
Okay.
...of all pupils who attended
Beecham College...
- Mm-hmm.
- ...through from 1995 to 2005.
And I've also got a list
of the students
on that bursary list.
- Mm-hmm.
- You know the one that. erm.
Peter Drake set up?
Now. the school keep
those lists totally separate.
Oh. yeah? How come?
Oh. that's
an excellent question.
Start with those girls
on that bursary list.
- Okay.
- They only take
two students a year.
so there's a reasonable chance
that. you know. one of them
might have gotten lost
- in the system.
- Okay. But--
But what. Mike? You've got
to follow the case. Okay?
- Okay.
- Thank you.
Oh. Sophia's here.
Er. I'm just gonna
quickly take her prints
and then
I'll crack on. okay?
Okay. Yeah. okay.
I'm gonna head back.
erm. if that's okay with you.
I haven't seen Joe
in a while. so...
Sure. okay.
Speak tomorrow. Bye.
Okay. good.
Get a grip.
♪ suspenseful music
Right thumb.
Left hand. please.
Left thumb.
All right?
Sit down.
Okay.
Anyone died. or...
No one's died.
Don't sit there like the grim
fucking reaper. then. Jesus--
I think you
should move out.
I'm sorry.
what did you say?
I know
this is difficult. but--
No. no. no.
you don't get to make this--
Please. listen to me.
Okay.
This wasn't an easy
conclusion to come to.
Well. you said it
pretty fucking easily.
I'm thinking of Joe.
He needs stability right now.
Consistency.
- And he's not getting it.
- But that's what you--
The person keeping
the erratic hours.
disappearing for days
at a time is you.
I'm sorry.
I really am.
I know it's not your fault.
It's this case.
But I'm worried about him.
And I'm worried about you.
Oh.
Where...
Where am I supposed
to go to. Alex?
What?
Your dad came by earlier...
- What... My what?
- ...and we both thought that--
What?
This is unbelievable.
You... You...
So you two have
made a plan together
to ship me off?
Is that what you...
Do you know what?
You just... Just forget this.
You can take my son.
You can take my home.
You can take the fucking lot.
I just told him to expect
your call. and...
Hey.
What are you doing
right this instant?
I'm out and about.
Care to join?
Yeah.
♪ suspenseful music
Bristol has
found itself facing
the largest murder spree
in its history.
as more bodies were recovered
yesterday across the city.
This is the latest in an
extraordinary spate of killing
that has seen bodies recovered
from all across Bristol
and its surrounding areas.
Following the death of noted
local businessman Carl Lowry.
the death toll has
risen considerably.
with the police yet to name
further victims.
In an unprecedented
series of events.
with the city reeling
from the news that
a body has been recovered...
The number you have
dialled is not available.
...are providing a
united front
despite growing cause
for concern from the public.
Police believe
the victim may have been
concealed there
for decades
and could go as far back
as the 1990s...
♪ suspenseful music
Oh. that barmaid.
- she absolutely fancied you.
- She didn't!
- Yes. she did.
- She didn't.
Stop.
I don't know how
you wear these things.
I really don't.
I couldn't walk.
Oh. sto...
Fuck. I can't believe it.
I can't believe.
What?
What? Go on.
No...
- Fought with Alex tonight.
- Oh. no.
- Yeah.
- Oh.
Him and my dad have been
plotting behind my back.
Anyway. listen.
I really fucking needed this.
You are gorgeous.
Thank you.
Oh. stop.
It's fine.
Bloody hell.
That made me jump out
of my skin the other morning.
What the hell is that?
Yeah. that's...
I don't know what that is.
I'd love to talk
to you a bit
about how the issue
of immigration
and asylum seekers
in this country
has become so toxic
in recent years.
Feels as though the debate
becomes constantly inflamed.
and particularly when we're...
...discussing the Home Office
and their private contract
with hotels
to house
asylum seekers.
Why do you think
that has so many members
of the public up in arms?
What can you expect to see...
♪ suspenseful music
Yes?
It's done.
Now. bring me in.
I'm afraid he's going
to need more.
I have done everything
you've asked of me.
I have moved
heaven and fucking earth!
Now. bring me in!
He needs one more.
She knows too much.
All righty.
How is Operation Defrost?
Last body. last PM.
I want to get
him straight.
We rotate the hips.
I want him supine.
Good. And...
Oh.
I thought
they were all males.
All males.
Except you.
♪ ominous music
♪ Rock-a-bye. baby
on the tree top ♪
♪ When the wind blows
the cradle will rock ♪
♪ It will rock
♪ When the bough breaks
the cradle will fall ♪
♪ And down will come baby
cradle and all ♪
♪ Hush. little baby
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org